ABHISHEK KUMAR GUPTA
+917255065014|Dehradun,Uttarakhand|
gupta7255065014@gmail.com|www.linkedin.com/in/abhishekgupta382|
Summary
Currently pursuing B.Tech in Computer Science Engineering 8th semester), with a strong foundation in web
development and data analysis .Eager to utilize technical skills to gather, analyze, and visualize data for
actionable business.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of technology, Computer Science engineering, Jigyasa University , Dehradun CGPA 8.3
10+2 BIHAR SCHOOL EXAMINATION BOARD, PATNA
INTERNSHIP
EY GDS-AICTE Web development intern 02/2024-04/24
Car rental website :
Technologies Used: Django, JavaScript, CSS, HTML, SQL
➢ Developed a fully responsive car rental website, enabling users to browse, book, and manage
car rentals through a user-friendly interface.
➢ Implemented front-end using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to ensure a seamless user
experience across various devices and screen sizes.
➢ Integrated Django as the back-end framework to manage authentication, vehicle
inventory, booking system, and user data.
Accenture North America Data Analytics and Visualization Job Simulation on Forage February 2024-August
2024
➢ Completed a simulation focused on advising a hypothetical social media client as a Data
Analyst at Accenture.
➢ Cleaned, modelled and analyzed 7 datasets to uncover insights into content trends to inform
strategic decisions.
➢ Prepared a PowerPoint deck and video presentation to communicate key insights for the client
and internal Stakeholders
Personal Projects
1.Roasto food website
Technologies Used: HTML, CSS
➢ Designed and developed a responsive food website, Roasto showcasing restaurant menus, food
items, and contact information.
➢ Utilized HTML for structuring web pages and CSS for styling to create an engaging and visually
appealing user Interface.
2.AF News App
Technologies Used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript
➢ Developed a news application that dynamically fetches and displays the latest news articles
using a clean and Responsive user interface.
➢ Utilized HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to create a visually appealing, mobile-friendly design and
ensure smooth navigation across various devices.
3.QR Code Generator
Technologies Used : HTML,CSS, JAVASCRIPT
➢
Developed an interactive QR code generator application that allows users to create and download
QR codes for various input texts.
Technical skills
Languages: Proficient -> C,C++, Familiar with -> python,Java . net
Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, JS, Django.
Other: Problem solving, Data structures and algorithms ,SQL,EXCEL,POWER BI (Basic)