Aneeka Sharma
Date of Birth: 29/10/2007
Phone No: 7678301431
Email: aneekasharma767@gmail.com
Permanent Address: B-3/707 SRS Royal Hills sec-87 Faridabad, Haryana
LinkedIn: Aneeka Sharma | LinkedIn
Career Objective
To secure an internship opportunity in software development, where I can learn and apply
fundamentals of full stack development, cybersecurity, DevOps, coding, and contribute to
innovative projects while contributing to a dynamic team.
A quick learner with strong problem-solving skills and a passion for coding and technical
analysis.
Educational Qualification
Degree/Field of study Board/University Year Percentage
B. Tech (Computer Jb Knowledge Park, Faridabad Pursuing -
Science) (MDU, Rohtak)
Senior Secondary (XII) Modern School, Faridabad 2022-2023 72.00%
(CBSE)
Secondary (X) Delhi Public School, Faridabad 2024-2025 72.00%
(CBSE)
Skills
• Technical Tools: MS Excel, MS Word, MS PowerPoint, Canva, Internet and Computer
Applications
• Operating Systems: Windows 7/10/11
• Core Competencies: Problem-solving, Team Management, Leadership, Technical
Analysis, Creative Thinking, Quick AdaptabilityExtracurricular Activities & Volunteer Experience
• Tech Event Coordinator: Coordinated and executed hackathons, coding competitions, and
tech fests for over 100 participants. Oversaw logistics, including technical setups,
networking, and audio-visual equipment.
Developed and implemented technical schedules and budgets.
• NGO Volunteer: Served 60 hours at a local Dog Welfare NGO, contributing to the care
and welfare of over 250 dogs.
This experience enhanced teamwork and communication skills.
• Creative Problem Solving: Collaborated with a team of 4 to design and implement event
logistics and technical infrastructure.
Developing creative solutions to complex technical problems to ensure timely resolution.
Hobbies and Interest
• Reading books
• Listening to Music
• Cycling
Personal Details
• Marital Status: Unmarried
• Gender: Female
• Nationality: Indian
• Languages known: English, Hindi, Punjabi
Declaration
I do hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge.
Aneeka Sharma