LAVANYA PRUTHI
Lavanyapruthi810@gmail.com || +91-8708898320 ||
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS
EXAMINATION/COURSE INSTITUTION RESULT Year
Bcom (P) Maitreyi College, 8.09 CGPA 2024
Delhi University (2nd Semester )
CBSE; Class XII Model School, Rohtak 90.8% 2023
CBSE; Class X Model School, Rohtak 86.2% 2021
POSITION OF RESPONSIBILITY
 Vice House Captain at School Level : Elected by 100+ students
• Ensuring the smooth functioning of events and programme.
• Served as a Liaison between the students and the principal.
 Sub Head HR and PR department of Commerce Society, Maitreyi College
• Maintained member database and tracked active participation across departments.
• Handled collaborations with external societies and promoted events through PR initiatives.
 HR Executive Vishalakshi Foundation Maitreyi Unit
 Recruited and onboarded 60+volunteers, managing interviews and orientations.
 Maintained volunteer data and ensured smooth team coordination.
 Placement Coordinator – Horizon Placement Cell (Data & Communication Team)
 Facilitated communication between HRs and students regarding internship and job opportunities
 Coordinated with HRs to confirm details and ensure timely information flow.
 Research &Operations Team Member-Uniway (Student-led Startup Maitreyi by College Students.
 Updated Students about college events and initiatives through organized communication channels
 Supported event coordination and smooth execution of college activities.
SKILLS
 Microsoft Excel: Proficient in basic functions (formulas, formatting, data entry, charts).
 Canva: Strong command over Canva, with experience in creating visually appealing presentations and designs for
various class projects.
 Basic Accounting Knowledge: Familiar with fundamental accounting principles and practices, including
bookkeeping, financial statements, and basic financial analysis.
 Public Speaking & Anchoring: Experienced in hosting cultural events and society programs; skilled at engaging
audiences with clear, confident communication.
Extra- Curricular Activities
 Awarded Member of the Month Certificate by Commerce Society( Creative and PR department) for
consistent dedication and outstanding contribution.
 Received Certificate of Appreciation from Vishalakshi Foundation for active participation and dedication in
the July 2025 monthly tasks.
 Anchored the Trade-A-way competition at ComFesco – Annual Commerce Fest, showcasing confident public
speaking and audience engagement.
 Awarded Certificate of Kindness by Vishalakshi Foundation, Maitreyi College, for active contribution to a
fundraising initiative.
 Participated in Declamation Competition organized by NSS under Swachhata hi Seva – showcased Public
Speaking and Awareness Building Skills.
 Volunteered at Annual Job Fair and Internship Event (Maitreyi College), Received Cerificate of Appreciation
for event support and coordination.