Deepali Paithankar Joshi
+91 9881031393 |paithankar.deepali@gmail.com | Pune, Maharashtra
LinkedIn - www.linkedin.com/in/deepali-paithankar-joshi
Git-hub -https://github.com/deep884
SUMMARY
Actively seeking an entry-level Data Analyst position in company to leverage my
academic knowledge in data analysis and contribute to data-driven decision making. Highly
motivated and eager to learn, seeking a challenging Data Analyst role where I can apply my
analytical skills and contribute to business growth through insightful data analysis.
SKILLS
Programming Languages:
Programming Languages: Python (Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Scikit-learn, Stats models - Data
Visualization: Matplotlib, Seaborn, Plotly, Tableau - Data Manipulation: Pandas, NumPy - Machine
Learning: Scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Keras.
Database: MySQL
Technologies: Machine Learning (ML)Visualization Tools : Power BI, Tableau, MS Excel, V look up, H look
up, Pivot Tables, Excel Dashboard, Audacity software.
SEO anlaysis using different tools and extensions. Python Automation for Data scraping using Selenium.
SEO tools
 Keyword Research & Analysis
 On-Page & Off-Page Optimization
 Technical SEO & Site Audits
 Google Analytics & Search Console
 Local SEO & Mobile SEO
 SEO Tools (SEMrush, Ahrefs, Moz, etc.)
PROJECTS (INTERNSHIP WITH INDITRONICS-OCTOBER 2025)
1.Utilized Audacity software to listen to and extract key audio segments from Radio City broadcasts.
2.Accurately transcribed spoken content and categorized data in MS Excel for performance tracking and
content analysis.
3.Maintained data consistency and quality by cross-verifying timestamps, speaker details, and audio
durations.PROJECTS (Internship with Digital Ipsum pvt ltd.)
Lead Generation (Restaurants Analysis of Vietnam), (Fitness Centers Analysis of UAE )|MS excel, Power
BI
Scraped data of different restaurants in UAE, using python automation and data scraper extension and
performed detail analysis on their website appearances, their social media presence and their SEO, Page
speed and Website speed rankings along with DA(Domain Authority), PA (Page authority) and Moz rank
ratings using different DA,PA checker sites.
Conducted a thorough analysis and derived actionable insights using Power BI dashboard using different
charts.
Generated top leads related to Website Enhancement, SEO ranking improvisation and SMO revamping
Diabetes Prediction | Python
The type of algorithm which is used to predict the diabetic parameter is an Classification algorithm. Step
Followed
Developed a machine learning model to predict the likelihood of diabetes in patients based on historical
health data, aiming to support early diagnosis and intervention. Utilized a publicly available dataset with
attributes like age, BMI, blood pressure, insulin levels. Downloaded datasheet from kaggle and performed
Exploratory data analysis on data using.
Handled missing values by applying imputation techniques. Performed data scaling and normalization to
standardize the features for improved model performance, using Standard Scaler. Implemented multiple
classification algorithms including Decision tree, Bagging Classifier to predict the probability of diabetes.
Split the dataset into training (80%) and testing (20%) sets, and trained the model using scikit-learn.
Used Cross-Validation to ensure model generalization and avoid overfitting. Evaluated the model’s
performance using accuracy, precision, recall.
https://github.com/deep884/Machine-Learning.git
Sales Analysis for E-Commerce | MS Excel
1. Utilized PivotTables and Pivot Charts to summarize large data sets and track sales performance by
product, region, and time period.
2. Created required customized columns using formulae and formatting required for analysis.
3.Developed dynamic, interactive dashboards using Excel formulas, Slicers, and Data
4. Validation to allow users to filter and explore the data with ease.
5. The dashboard facilitated quick access to performance metrics.
https://github.com/deep884/Dataanalytics.gitCar Sales Analysis| Power BI
1. Worked on Car sales schema Car details and Car sales queries.
2. Created pie charts, Line charts, Table chart, bar chart for getting meaningful insights.
3. Created navigation buttons to navigated through pages.
4.Knowledge of power query used for connecting and importing data.
https://github.com/deep884/Dataanalytics.git
MYSQL (Analysis of Swiggy online food delivery app)
1. Imported Swiggy data from Table Data import Wizard in MYSQL.
2. Retrived the data of restaurants having rating more than 4.5 and 5 most expensive
restaurants for Indian Cuisine.
3. Solved queries regarding average rating of Restaurants in each city.
4. Retrived data for top 1 city with the highest number of restaurants.
COURSE
Masters in Data Science and
IT Vedant Education Pvt. Ltd.
Coursework: Machine Learning, Python, Power BI, Excel, Mysql
CERTIFICATIONS
Data Analysis with Python from IBM | 2024
Foundation with SQL Certification from IT Vedant, Pune 2024
Masters in Data Science and Analytics with AI from IT Vedant Pune 2024
DWD (Diving into World of Data from IT Vedant Pune 2024
Unified Mentor
Data Science and Analytics Essentials from IT Vedant Pune 2024
Completed Internship from Digital Ipsum 2025.
EDUCATION
Bachelors of Architecture 65%
JNTU Hyderabad
SSC (10th) 79 %
MY TIME:
Singing, Reading and Music, Exploring internet.
Signature: