Garvit Jain
Indore jgarvit09@gmail.com 8349307745 LinkedIn Portfolio Link
Profile Summary
Creative and detail-oriented UI/UX designer skilled in user research, wireframing, and prototyping.
Proficient in Figma, and responsive design. Passionate about crafting user-centric digital
experiences that solve real-world problems.
Skills Summary
Tools: 
Figma, Adobe XD, Illustrator, Canva, Miro, Balsamiq, Framer

Design Skills: 
Wireframing, Prototyping, Interaction Design, Responsive Design, Empathy Mapping,
Information Architecture, Usability Testing, Accessibility, User Journey Mapping

Technical Skills: 
HTML, CSS, Javascript
Projects / Case Study
TrackIt – Vehicle Tracking UX Case Study | Link March 2025 - May 2025
Designed a mobile solution to address vehicle theft and real-time location tracking.

Conducted user interviews and created empathy maps, user journey maps, and personas.

Audited competitor tracking apps to identify UX gaps and improve usability.

Built a high-fidelity Figma prototype with features like alert notifications and geo-tracking.

Focused on security, simplicity, and user trust through intuitive design pattern.
JourneyUp – Investor Connect Platform for Entrepreneurs | Link May 2025 - June 2025
Designed an innovative app for early-stage entrepreneurs to pitch ideas via short video presentations
(under 5 minutes).

Developed end-to-end UX flow to allow users to upload, browse, like, and comment on startup pitch
videos.

Created a trending system based on user engagement to boost visibility of top-performing pitches.

Ensured smooth onboarding and presentation-upload experience with minimal UI friction.

Enabled investors to discover and directly connect with high-potential startups from the app interface.
Certification
Foundations of User Experience (UX) Design | Certificate
Gained a strong understanding of UX principles, including user-centered design, usability, and
interaction design fundamentals.

Learned to conduct user research, create personas, and define user journeys to enhance product
strategy.
Build Dynamic User Interfaces (UI) for Websites | Certificate
Developed responsive and visually engaging web interfaces using best practices in layout, typography,
and accessibility.

Applied dynamic UI design techniques to create interactive web experiences aligned with user needs.
Create High Fidelity Designs and Prototypes In Figma | Certificate
Mastered Figma to design high-fidelity UI mockups and interactive prototypes for web and mobile
applications.

Collaborated using Figma's components, design systems, and prototyping features to simulate real-
world user flows.
Education
Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) August 2022 - May 2025
Bachelor of Computer Application
Grade : 8.08 Cgpa