Jayanth SD
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/jayanth-sd-0842b6223
Github: https://github.com/JayanthSD2003
About Me
My Contact
I'm Jayanth SD, a Grad student and tech enthusiast with a focus on Data
Scientist, Data Analyst and Interested in ML based roles and Cloud based-
jayanthsd2003@yahoo.com
platforms like (Google Cloud Platform, MS Azure, AWS). As a PG student, I am
eager to kickstart my journey in the tech industry through a challenging
+91 9900443879
intern or fresher. Although I may be new to the professional scene, my
passion for technology is matched by a solid foundation in Data Analyst and
Bangalore, Karnataka, India
a keen interest in cloud platforms and ML Based roles. What I lack in
experience, I make up for with a quick learning curve and effective
Skills communication skills. I'm excited about the opportunity to contribute to a
dynamic team and eager to absorb knowledge and skills on the way. Let's
embark on this learning adventure together!
Programming Languages like
C,C++,Python, Java, SQL(Oracle).
Office Tools like Excel, Access, SQL.
Achievements
Certified Data Science Grad.
How to build basic projects via AI tools
like Blackbox, Chat-GPT, Co-Pilot,
Fresher, worked on a Driver Monitoring System - SARATHI
Perplexity, Google Gemini and others.
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, etc. Web Project for IEEE Hackathon-2023
Technologies basics.
2023
Basics of Software Testing.
Decision making and problem solving SAARATHI - Safety Assisted Automated Road Tech for Highway
Presentation Skills. Independence. :
Safety Assisted Responsive Automated Tech for Highway
Independence is a groundbreaking project designed to address the
Education Background
critical issue of safety on highways.
The National Institute Of Engineering (North Roles and Responsibilities:
Campus) - Mysuru, Karnataka Been a impact-full and a responsible teammate, research, design
and developer.
Master’s in Computer Applications (MCA)
Been a tester.
To be completed in 2026
Market analysis, Future scope, Application Implementation and
Soundarya Institute of Management And others.
Science - Bangalore, Karnataka
Secretary, IEEE Student Branch, Bangalore Section
Bachelors in Computer Applications (BCA)
Completed in 2024 2023
Vidya Soudha Pre-University College -
Secretary, Thread 301 Club by BCA Dept. SIMS
Bangalore, Karnataka
PUC - PCMC Completed in 2021 2021-2022
Lourdes High School NLO Coordinator, Occasional events or workshops @ SIMS in BCA
SSLC/10th Completed in 2019 Dept.
2021-2023
Languages known Certifications
Kannada (Speak, Read and Write) NPTEL Certification for Python for Data Science.
English (Speak, Read and Write) Certification for Basic Iot and Robotics. (IIT Hyderabad)
Hindi (Speak, Read and Write) Machine Learning in Production (Coursera)
Telugu (Speak) Introduction for Power BI basics. (Udemy)
Full-Stack Dev. with Cloud Computing. (Edu-Tech and
EY Global)