Jyoti Bhardwaj +91-9068604895
jbb200115@gmail.com
Noida, UP
Associate
https://www.linkedin.com/in/j
yoti-bhardwaj-807b51241
SUMMARY/OBJECTIVE
A goal-oriented BCA graduate with 1+ year of experience in a corporate environment, skilled at utilizing technical abilities and
analytical skills to make valuable contributions to company objectives. Skilled in using Python for web development,
automation, and data analysis. Strong problem-solving skills, with a deep understanding of algorithms and data structures.
Looking for an opportunity to grow as a Python developer, contribute to innovative projects, and learn from a dynamic team in
a fast-paced environment.
WORK EXPERIENCE
ASSOCIATE
British Council | Noida | Nov 2023 – Present
● Supporting the assessment and evaluation process of various examinations and tests conducted by the organization.
● Maintained Confidentiality by handling confidential examination materials with utmost discretion and ensure the security
and integrity of assessment processes, including the handling and storage of examination scripts and related data.
● Maintained accuracy and efficiency in marking examination scripts and also contributed via Cross-Skilling in various
departments.
FULL STACK DEVELOPER (AS AN INTERN)
CETPA Infotech Private Limited | Noida | Sep 2024 – Present
● Learning front-end technologies (HTML, CSS, JavaScript), back-end framework (Django) and database management skills
(My SQL).
PYTHON DEVELOPER (AS AN INTERN)
CETPA Infotech Private Limited | Noida | Jan 2024 – Apr 2024
● Has done an internship and certification course on Python programming language where I learned programming concepts,
such as data structures, loops, and functions, and also provides hands-on experience to build foundational coding skills and
understand real world applications.
SKILLS
● Programming Languages: Python, JavaScript, ● Graphic Design Tool: Canva
HTML, CSS, SQL(MySQL) ● Soft Skills: Problem-Solving, Communication, Teamwork, Time
● Framework: Django Management
● Software Development Tools: VS Code,
PyCharm
CERTIFICATION/EDUCATION
● CETPA Infotech Private Limited ● DCRUST University
Certification in Python & Full Stack Course BCA with 8.41 CGPA | 2020-2023
● Chandigarh University ● Satyam Modern Sr. Sec. School
MCA | 2024 – Present 12th (CBSE) with 84.6% | 2019-2020
10th (CBSE) with 86.2% | 2017-2018
PROJECTS
Grocery Store Management Application (Currently working on it)
It’s a 3-tier application with a front end built using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Bootstrap. The backend is developed with
python and Django, while MySQL is used for database management.