Manya
Maitreyi College, University of Delhi
🖂 : manyavaid2@gmail.com|
: +91 9034307443
Qualification Institute Board / University Year % / CGPA
B.com Maitreyi College University of Delhi First 7.95
Central Board of
12th Arya Girls Public School, Panipat 2024 85.2%
Secondary Education
Central Board of
10th Arya Girls Public School, Panipat 2022 90.6%
Secondary Education
B.com ☒M.com
Select your UG-course type
Year: Second
No. of active backlogs (Type NA if not applicable) NA
ACADEMICS
WORK EXPERIENCE (If Any)
Organization Name NA
INTERNSHIP
• Engaged with potential donors through calls, texts and social media to generate
contributions.
Muskurahat Foundation
• Conducted outreach within the community to promote initiatives and build
awareness of the Foundation’s work.
• Designed 48 creative posters within 1.5 months, supporting the organisation’s
campaigns and initiatives.
Pehchaan Street School
• Utilized Canva to create professional, visually appealing designs aligned with the
organisations branding and communication goals.
POSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILITY
Core Head Team Maitreyi • Led a team of 10+ volunteers, managing attendance, participation and
(Vishalakshi Foundation- coordination during educational, food distribution and cleanliness drives.
Delhi University)
Graphic Team Member • Designed engaging posters and reels to support campaigns and events
(Central Panel, Vishalakshi across the entire Delhi University network.
Foundation- Delhi University) • One of my reel design was selected by the Central Panel for an upcoming
event Youth Meet.
Core Member of Decor Team • Planning and executing decorations for major college events like
(Student’s Union, Maitreyi Orientation programs, Independence Day, Fest season etc.
College)
Member of Community • Engaged in community service initiatives, including awareness drives and
Services donation campaigns to address social issues.
(Rotaract Club of Delhi
Midtown Maitreyi)
ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENTS
Completed Deloitte’s Data Analytics Job Simulation Certification
Certificate of Appreciation, Contribution to ENVISION 7.0, Placement Cell
Certificate of Participation, Yamuna Cleaning Drive, Vishalakshi Foundation
Certificate of Participation, Bizbrain 2025, Maitreyi College
EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
Run a small Art and Craft Business, creating customized handmade products.
Completed multiple customer orders with dedication, creativity and timely delivery.
Participated in Class- Caricature Making Competition, Maitreyi College