PROFILE
+91 9310145440
A highly organized and personable professional with experience
leading marketing teams and handling administrative tasks in a fast-
sraj77267@gmail.com
paced school environment. I’ve successfully coordinated campaigns,
managed schedules, and maintained smooth day-to-day operations,
Faridabad, Haryana all while ensuring a welcoming experience for both visitors and staff.
With a strong focus on communication and problem-solving, I excel
in supporting both the marketing and administrative aspects of
school operations, continually striving to enhance efficiency and
SKILLS
foster a positive environment.
EXPERIENCE
• Team Leadership
MLRS Solutions
• Customer Service
Market Research
• Event Coordination (Team Leader)
• Led a team of researchers to complete online data-collection
• Front Desk Management
projects using digital tools.
• Data Entry • Managed and checked research data in Excel/Sheets to ensure
accuracy and quality.
• Problem Solving
• Coordinated tasks and reporting through computer-based
• Communication platforms and virtual communication.
• Marketing Strategy
NARAYANA e- TECHNO SCHOOL
Market Associate
EDUCATION 11/2024 – 7/2025
• In executing marketing campaigns, fostering a collaborative
environment that boosted team productivity and efficiency.
HIGH SCHOOL
• Served as the first point of contact for parents and visitors,
VM. Sr. Sec. School
ensuring a friendly, welcoming atmosphere and addressing
2016 - 2018
inquiries with care and professionalism.
• Managed day-to-day office tasks like scheduling, document
SECONDARY SCHOOL
organization, and maintaining accurate student and school
VM. Sr. Sec. School
records.
2018 - 2020
FELIX PRO SOLUTIONS
D- PHARMACY
Market Research Associate
CBS College of Pharmacy
05/2023 – 8/2024
2020 - 2022
• Collecting data and filling out surveys for clients through
various online platforms.
BSc- CS • Gathering databases on various digital solutions through
JLN College, Fbd.
primary and secondary research.
2022-2026
• Meeting targeted goals for each quarter and providing
excellent performance.