RIYA MISHRA
Jamshedpur, Jharkhand PROFILE
+91 9234566404 A dynamic, versatile and creative Journalism & Mass Communication student
passionate about storytelling and entertainment bringing a unique blend of
professionalism, talent and humor to every opportunity. With a natural flair for engaging
riyamishra2662@gmail.com audiences, I bring energy and creativity to every performance, whether hosting live
events, lending my voice to diverse projects or entertaining through mimicry and
comedy. Skilled in public engagement with hands-on experience in anchoring, voice
EDUCATION and mimicry. Adept at researching, interviewing and delivering compelling narratives.
Seeking an opportunity to leverage my skills and knowledge in a dynamic role
BACHELOR’S IN
JOURNALISM & EXPERIENCE, TRAINING & OTHER ACTIVITIES
MASS COMMUNICATION
Jigyasa University ANCHOR
(Form erly Himgiri Zee University)
2023 - 2026 • Hosted corporate events, weddings, cultural programs, and social campaigns with
4 years of hands-on experience.
SENIOR SECONDARY • Strong command over language with excellent oratory and improvisational skills.
Gulmohur High School • Adept at coordinating with event teams, managing flow of events, and handling
2021 - 2023 live audiences.
• Comfortable with both scripted and impromptu speaking.
SECONDARY • Experience with mic handling, stage etiquette, and audience engagement
Gulmohur High School techniques.
2020 - 2021
FOUNDER
Penquill Publication (formerly udaan)
SKILLS
• Established and managed an independent publishing company specializing in
Excellent communication
[e.g., fiction/non-fiction, poetry, etc.].
Public speaking • Oversaw all aspects of publishing operations including manuscript acquisition,
editing, design, printing, and distribution.
Voice modulation
• Built and led a cross-functional team of editors, designers, and marketers to
Audience engagement
deliver high-quality publications.
SEO/SEM techniques • Managed author relations, contract negotiations, and rights management.
Content writing
VOICE & MIMICRY ARTIST
Improvisation
• Proficient in voice modulation and impersonation of some well-known public
MS EXCEL & WORD figures, actors, and cartoon characters.
• Delivered voice for commercials, explainer videos and radio channels.
Time management
• Performed live mimicry acts for stage shows, radio channels, social events, and
digital content.
• Experienced in script interpretation, studio recording, and post-production
COURSES & coordination.
CERTIFICATES
CONTENT / CREATIVE WRITER
Mastering Speaking and
Presentation - Swayam • Strong command over grammer, structure, and storytelling techniques
• Proficient in SEO, keyword research, and content optimization
Microsoft Excel – Coursera • Ability to write for diverse niches including lifestyle, events, corporate, and digital
Indian Popular Culture - Swayam branding
• Collaborative mindset with ability to meet deadlines in fast-paced environments.