ROSHAN KUMAR
Rishikesh , deharadun, INDIA, 249137 8532823041 rk6106944@gmail.com
OBJECTIVE
Creative thinker with a passion for data analysis Experienced in Power BI . Passion for data
visualization as a Power BI Intern. With a solid foundation in data analysis and a keen interest
in transforming complex data into actionable insights, I am excited about the opportunity to
join your dynamic team. I am committed to learning and growing within this role, and I am
confident that my proactive approach will add value to your projects and objectives.
EXPERIENCE
PowerBI
Internship (TOP DATA WORKS) IND
-: AUGUST 2025 - SEPTEMBER 2025
PROJECT YouTube data analysis dashboard
-
● Designed interactive Power BI dashboards for trend analysis and performance
tracking
● Strengthened practical understanding of data handling, KPIs, and business
intelligence techniques(modelling,visual design,Dax KPIs,etc)
NSS-National service scheme
Gov of india
-: December -2022
Community understanding:
Understand the community and your relation to it.
●
Problem-solving:
Identify community problems and involve the community in finding
●
solutions.
Leadership and teamwork:
Acquire leadership qualities and skills for group living and
●
sharing responsibilities.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Computer Applications:
2023 - now
Jigyasa University Dehradun
Class 12: PCM
2022-2023
Pushpa Vadera Saraswati Vidya Mandir Inter College Dhalwala, Rishikesh, Uttarakhand
Class 10:
2020-2021
Pushpa Vadera Saraswati Vidya Mandir Inter College Dhalwala, Rishikesh, Uttarakhand
ACHIEVEMENTS
● NSS & Scout guides team leader and achieve the best leader of the camp ,certificate
and learn character development,leadership other skills December-2022
●
Successfully participated in hackathons, showcasing problem-solving and teamwork
skills. April -2025
● Completed GeeksforGeeks coding challenges, enhancing logical thinking and coding
ability. Novembe-2023
● Recognized for consistent academic performance and active participation in
technical events. august 2023-nowCERTIFICATIONS
Deloitte-
● data analytics job simulation,completed practical task in DA 18 oct 2025
TCS
● – Generative AI & Exploratory Data Analysis, Power BI -aug 2025
Power BI (CourcePE)-
● handling unstructured data and create good dashboard -
guidance OF industry mentor by sathish Dhawan (tow week september 2024)
Power BI with AI (ws-cube)-
● using the csv data and make good dashboard
design (KPIs, tree chart, bubble chart, donut chart, bar chart pie chart etc) industry
mentor. 17 oct-2025
TECHNICAL SKILLS AND SOFT SKILLS
TECHNICAL SKILLS SOFT SKILLS
Advanced Excel Teamwork
Power BI Adaptability
python with frameworks Action taker
research and data collection Problem solving
data visualization Time management
PERSONAL DETAILS
Father’s name :
Mr. Ramprit Paswan
Mother’s name :
Mrs Sangeeta devi
Hobbies :
Using AI in work efficiently, focus on learning new technology and other
field ,reading books, painting ,playing kabaddi,watching movie
Language knows
: Hindi, English
Gender
: Male
Religion
: Hindu