SARBJOT SINGH
P
CONTACT ROFILE
9053203274
A highly motivated and academically strong student with a passion for learning and
Sarbjotsingh9034@gmail.com
applying technical concepts. One month of experience as a Python Developer at
Ambala, 133001, Haryana, India
CodSoft, working on projects like a password generator, a simple calculator, and a
rock-paper-scissors game using Python. Skilled in problem-solving and logical thinking,
LANGUAGES with hands-on experience in Python programming. Additionally, actively involved in
managing college events, demonstrating leadership, teamwork, and organizational skills.
● English
Earned a letter of recommendation as an Internshala Student Partner. Always eager to
● Hindi take on challenges, contribute to innovative projects, and expand technical expertise.
● Punjabi
EDUCATION HISTORY
SKILLS
● B. Tech in Artificial Intelligence & Data science
● C Programming (Intermediate) o Global institute of technology & Management
o 2023-2027
● Generative AI
● Senior Secondary (XII), Science
● Python (Intermediate) o Lord Mahavir Jain Public School, Ambala
o (CBSE Board)
● Python (Data science – Basic)
o Year of completion – 2023
● Data structures and algorithm o Percentage: - 71.20%
● Secondary (X)
● Java (Beginner)
o Lord Mahavir Jain Public School, Ambala
● SQL(Beginner) o (CBSE Board)
o Year of completion – 2021
● HTML, CSS & JS(Beginner)
o Percentage: - 93.80%
● Project Management
● Anchoring WORK EXPERIENCE
● Effective Communication
● Data Science Intern, The Developers Arena, Virtual 10 December, 2025 –
● Event Management Present
● Teaching Working on various types of projects
● Project leader ● Data Science Intern, Saiket Systems, Virtual 25 July,2025 – 25 August,2025
● Worked on LLMs Project on Churn Analysis
● Data Analyst intern, PaxcomPvt Ltd, Virtual 11July,2025 – 15 September,2025
INTERESTS
Worked through Generative AI
● Logical problem solving Also worked on the project of Predictive Analytics
● Team leadership ● Python Development, CodSoft, Virtual Jun 2024 - Jul 2024
● Event coordination Worked on Python Projects provided by the company.
● Basketball ● Fundraising, Xciteducation Pvt Ltd., Jan 2022 - Feb 2022
● Book reading Worked as a fundraiser. Get connected with people for raising the fund for the needy
ones.
● TravellingPOSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILITES
● Overall Clubs Coordinator (leading 12 Clubs)
● Member of IQAC Cell
● Coordinator of IIC cell
● Coordinator of CSE department
● Organizer of Tech-Fest
● Coordinator of applied science and humanities department
● Coordinator of Boys Hostel
● Class Representative
● Anchor
ACHIEVEMEMNTS
● Ranked 1st in university examinations (1st semester)
● Ranked 1st in university examinations (3rd semester)
● Ranked 1st in university examinations (4th semester)
● 1st in Group Discussion competition (twice)
● 2nd in Story telling competition
● Awarded as Mr. Fresher 2023
● 1st in Debate competition
● 1st in Research paper presentation competition
● 2nd in Research paper Presentation Competition
P
ROJECTS
● Profit Predictor (by using Python as concept of Predictive Analytics)
● Price Fetcher (fetch the prices of different E- commerce Platform)
● Churn Analysis
● Virtual Herbal Garden
● Automated Timetable Generator
CERTIFICATIONS
● AI tools and ChatGPT workshop: - This workshop is very helpful me to learn about the AI tools which can help to work faster
and reduces time complexity of work. This certificate is from be10x which is a verified and well-known platform.
● The Path to Publications: - This workshop helps to learn about that how a beginner can write a research paper. This certificate
provided Mangalmay Institute of Technology and Management.